as nations seek to protect their secrets they have a two competing problems
one is you don't want the enemy to know your secrets but the other
is you want to make it easy for your own side to get all of the
information they need to do their job and because the more people who
were new there from nation the more likely it is the enemy will find
out to to have that information so you have those two competing
areas so they develop levels of classification to make it easy to disseminate
but also easy for the enemy to get a whole of all the way
up through very very limited dissemination and very hard for them to
get a hold of in the United States these four levels typically are
thought of as confidential the lowest level then the secret next level
up then top secret and then beyond that there is some special programs
%HESITATION called compartmented sensitive information which are
top secret code word above where only those people who are brief
to that particular program can see top secret code word material